PMM-12985 Apply v3 API infra modifications and update docs (#3207)
percona/pmm: docs/api/advisor-api/overview.md

---
title: Overview
slug: pmm-advisors
categorySlug: advisor-api
order: 0
---

This section describes APIs to deal with Percona [Advisors](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/get-started/advisors.html), and [Advisors Checks](https://docs.percona.com/percona-monitoring-and-management/details/develop-checks/index.html).

> - In [List of problems detected by Advisors](getfailedchecks) you can find API to get information about potential problems with your Infrastructure detected by Advisors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The [List of Problems Detected by Advisors](https://github.com/percona/pmm/pull/3207/getfailedchecks) API endpoint offers detailed insights into potential infrastructure issues identified by Advisors.
```

> - [List Percona Advisors](ref:listadvisors) lists all Advisors available in your PMM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [List Percona Advisors](ref:listadvisors) lists all Advisors available for your PMM instance.
```

- [List Advisor Checks](ref:listadvisorchecks) lists all Advisor Checks available in your PMM.

> - [Changing Advisor Checks](ref:changeadvisorchecks) will help you automate Advisor checks, i.e.:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Changing Advisor Checks](ref:changeadvisorchecks) will help you automate Advisor Checks, i.e.:
```
